README.rst, before:

================
django-relatives
================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/treyhunner/django-relatives.png?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/treyhunner/django-relatives
   :alt: Test Status

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/treyhunner/django-relatives/badge.png?branch=master
   :target: https://coveralls.io/r/treyhunner/django-relatives
   :alt: Coverage Status

.. image:: https://pypip.in/v/django-relatives/badge.png
   :target: https://crate.io/packages/django-relatives
   :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://pypip.in/d/django-relatives/badge.png
   :target: https://crate.io/packages/django-relatives
   :alt: Download Count

Utilities for linking to related objects in Django admin


Related Projects
----------------

Thanks to the community for inspiration:

- `linked readonly foreign key code snippet`_
- `django-inlaws`_
- various `StackOverflow answers`_ about related object links in admin

.. _django-inlaws: https://github.com/callowayproject/django-inlaws
.. _stackoverflow answers: http://stackoverflow.com/a/5331032/98187
.. _linked readonly foreign key code snippet: http://djangosnippets.org/snippets/2657/

Commit message:

Link between documentation and Github

README.rst, after:

================
django-relatives
================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/treyhunner/django-relatives.png?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/treyhunner/django-relatives
   :alt: Test Status

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/treyhunner/django-relatives/badge.png?branch=master
   :target: https://coveralls.io/r/treyhunner/django-relatives
   :alt: Coverage Status

.. image:: https://pypip.in/v/django-relatives/badge.png
   :target: https://crate.io/packages/django-relatives
   :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://pypip.in/d/django-relatives/badge.png
   :target: https://crate.io/packages/django-relatives
   :alt: Download Count

Utilities for linking to related objects in Django admin

This app requires Django 1.4.2 or greater and Python 2.6 or greater.


Getting Help
------------

Documentation for django-relatives is available at
https://django-relatives.readthedocs.org/

This app is available on `PyPI`_.

Submit issues on Github: https://github.com/treyhunner/django-relatives/issues

.. _PyPI: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-relatives/


Related Projects
----------------

Thanks to the community for inspiration:

- `linked readonly foreign key code snippet`_
- `django-inlaws`_
- various `StackOverflow answers`_ about related object links in admin

.. _django-inlaws: https://github.com/callowayproject/django-inlaws
.. _stackoverflow answers: http://stackoverflow.com/a/5331032/98187
.. _linked readonly foreign key code snippet: http://djangosnippets.org/snippets/2657/
